[DECLUTTER FAQ] rework Introduction (#652)
zkSNACKs/WasabiDoc: docs/FAQ/FAQ-Introduction.md

:::details
### What is a CoinJoin?

> A mechanism by which multiple participants combine many individual transactions into one large transaction with multiple inputs and multiple outputs.

Reviewer: I am not sure about this change.

Reviewer 2: I agree with yahiheb

Author: It is self-spending transactions. Each user could broadcast his sub-transaction. However, they choose to combine transactions, not coins, as coins are unique and cannot really be combined. 

Can you please make a suggestion on how to better explain it? I agree it's not beautiful.

Reviewer 2: The current sentence is fine

Author: ```suggestion
A mechanism by which multiple participants combine their coins (or UTXOs, to be more precise) into one large transaction with multiple inputs and multiple outputs.
```

> Because a CoinJoin creates equal value outputs, an observer cannot determine which output belongs to which input, and neither can the participants themselves.

Reviewer: Is there no CoinJoin that creates non equal value outputs?

Author: Yes, You are right, cashfusion or payjoin. I was thinking this too... it should be removed.

```suggestion
An observer cannot determine which output belongs to which input, and neither can the participants themselves.
```

### Do I need to trust Wasabi with my coins?

No, Wasabi's CoinJoin implementation is trustless by design.
The participants do not need to trust each other or any third party.
Both the sending address (the CoinJoin input) and the receiving address (the CoinJoin output) are controlled by your own private keys.

> The server merely coordinates the process of combining the inputs of the participants into one single transaction, but the wallet can neither steal your coins, nor figure out which outputs belong to which inputs (look up “[Chaumian CoinJoin](/using-wasabi/CoinJoin.md)” if you want to know more).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Wasabi server merely coordinates the process of combining the inputs of the participants into one single transaction, but the Wasabi Wallet can neither steal your coins, nor figure out which outputs belong to which inputs (look up “[Chaumian CoinJoin](/using-wasabi/CoinJoin.md)” if you want to know more).
```

> Wasabi merely coordinates the process of combining the many individual transactions of the participants into one single transaction, but the coordinator can neither steal your coins, nor figure out which outputs belong to which inputs (look up “[Chaumian CoinJoin](/using-wasabi/CoinJoin.md)” if you want to know more).

Reviewer: I am not sure if we should say `the process of combining the many individual transactions`

Author: Same as above, it is technically correct, though might be misleading, especially because it is self spends.

Do You have a suggestion? I'm open for changes, I didn't like this very much neither...

Author: ```suggestion
The server merely coordinates the process of combining the inputs of the participants into one single transaction, but the wallet can neither steal your coins, nor figure out which outputs belong to which inputs (look up “[Chaumian CoinJoin](/using-wasabi/CoinJoin.md)” if you want to know more).
```

:::

:::details
### What is the privacy I get after mixing with Wasabi?

This depends on how you handle your outputs after the CoinJoin.
There are some ways how you can unintentionally undo the mixing by being careless.

> For example, if you have a coin on a specific address before the CoinJoin, and you send bitcoin after a CoinJoin onto this same address, then anyone can see that both coins are controlled by the same entity.

Reviewer: I don't understand this sentence.

Author: It's regarding address reuse, which is the serious privacy problem. what was explained previously [that consolidation links the pre-mix to post-mix is wrong].

How about this?

```suggestion
For example, if you have send a coin to an address that was already used before the CoinJoin, then anyone can see that both coins are controlled by the same entity.
```

Author: Not necessarily, any pre-mix address reuse is bad.

Reviewer: Is better?
```suggestion
For example, if you send a mixed coin to an already used address, then anyone can see that both coins are controlled by the same entity and more importantly anyone who know that the address is yours know that you own that mixed coin.
```

[Address reuse](/why-wasabi/AddressReuse.md) is very bad for your privacy.
Another deanonymizing scenario happens when you combine mixed outputs with unmixed ones when sending: a third party will be able to make the connection between them as belonging to the same sender.

> This is why you need to be careful with [change coins](/using-wasabiChangeCoins.md).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
This is why you need to be careful with [change coins](/using-wasabi/ChangeCoins.md).
```

The practice of being careful with your post-mix outputs is commonly facilitated through coin control, which is the default way of interacting with the wallet.

> Find out more about coin control it [here](/why-wasabi/Coins.md).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Find out more about coin control in [here](/why-wasabi/Coins.md).
```

:::

:::details
### Can I hurt my privacy using Wasabi?

No.
The worst thing that can happen (through user’s negligence post-mix) is that the level of your privacy stays the same as before the CoinJoin.
It is crucial to understand that Wasabi is not a fool-proof solution if you neglect to practice coin control after the mixing process.
:::

> 

Reviewer: IMO we should keep this.

Reviewer 2: I agree wirlth yahiheb

Author: This is a duplicate question to [here](https://docs.wasabiwallet.io/FAQ/FAQ-Installation.html#do-i-need-to-install-tor-separately), thus I removed it for the sake of decluttering.

### Can the coordinator attack me?

The nature of Wasabi is that you should not need to trust the developers or the Wasabi coordinating server, as you can verify that the code does not leak information to anyone.

> The developers have gone to great lengths in an attempt to ensure that the coordinator cannot steal funds nor harvest information about a link between inputs to outputs.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The developers have gone to great lengths in an attempt to ensure that the coordinator cannot steal funds nor link inputs to outputs.
```

Ideal fungibility requires every Bitcoin transaction to be indistinguishable from each other, but it is an unrealistic goal.
ZeroLink's objective is to break all links between separate sets of coins.
ZeroLink presents a wallet privacy framework coupled with Chaumian CoinJoin, which was first introduced in 2013 by Gregory Maxwell.

> A mixing round runs within seconds, and through remixing its anonymity set can go beyond a single CoinJoin transaction's.

Reviewer: This sentence is not clear to me better to remove it altogether.
```suggestion
```

> A mixing round runs within seconds, its anonymity set can go beyond a single CoinJoin transaction's if needed, and its denial of service resilience is based on a transaction fee environment.

Reviewer: @nopara73

Author: Even with lower transaction fees [as we have had since the whole life of wasabi] because the denominations are so high, the DoS is capital intensive.

Reviewer 3: Remove this, as nothing is true here. This is true for ZeroLink, but not for Wasabi. ZeroLink assumes no anonymity network bottle neck, where Tor sometimes delays some message for minutes, thus even just one round will take minutes as always the slowest participant that is the bottleneck. I don't do the calculations for DoS, so **don't quote me on this** but my suspicion is that in terms of DoS attack we are fucked with the current parameters, so only changing the parameters, like making the 0.1BTC base denomination to be 1 or 10BTC instead will save us if there's an actual DoS attack.

Author: FYI, the previous content was a quote from zero link framework. 
But ACK for removing it alltogether.

```suggestion
A mixing round runs within seconds, its anonymity set can go beyond a single CoinJoin transaction's if needed.
```

Reviewer 3: @MaxHillebrand does a Wasabi round run within seconds?

Author: Yes, after connection confirmation it usually is quick. However, input registration is what takes such a long time.

FYI, this is again a quote from zero link, I believe.

Reviewer 3: I was missing the context. I thought you are talking about Wasabi mixes here, but that's not the case, as I zoomed out of the quoted lines I see this section describes ZeroLink here, not Wasabi.  

Anyway, `and through remixing` is not correct. In ZeroLink meant clos networks to scale up for many users, not some kinda cross-tx humbuk: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Clos_network
